ENHANCED SEARCH END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT.


CLICKING THE "I ACCEPT" BOX, INSTALLING OR USING THE "ENHANCED SEARCH" SOFTWARE
THAT YOU HAVE SELECTED TO PURCHASE IN THE ORDERING PROCESS (THE "SOFTWARE"), YOU
ARE AGREEING ON BEHALF OF THE ENTITY LICENSING THE SOFTWARE ("COMPANY") THAT
COMPANY WILL BE BOUND BY AND IS BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS END USER LICENSE
AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") AND THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND COMPANY. IF
COMPANY DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT SELECT THE
"I ACCEPT" BOX AND DO NOT INSTALL THE SOFTWARE. COMPANY HAS NOT BECOME A
LICENSEE OF, AND IS NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SOFTWARE UNLESS AND UNTIL IT HAS
AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THESE LICENSE TERMS. 


1.0 Preamble

The Terms of this Agreement apply to DEMO version as well as to FULL version
with the exceptions of the Sections 2.1, 2.6, 3 and 7, in which the distinctions
between DEMO and FULL are expressly indicated. Hereby, "FULL" means the FULL
version of the Software and "DEMO" means the DEMO version of the Software. 
DEMO VERSION, ALTHOUGH HAS THE SAME FUNCTIONALITIES AS FULL, IS FOR
DEMONSTRATION PURPOSES ONLY.


1.1 Prerequisites

The Software must be installed in a SugarCRM (TM) working installation
("SugarCRM") whose version and edition are supported by the current release of
the Software.

A list of supported versions and editions is available from the Enhanced Search
main page at http://www.dispage.com website ("Website") or can be obtained via
email request to support@dispage.com. All services provided by the Website
("Website Services") and the email support service at support@dispage.com
("Email Support") are subject to the limitations indicated in Section 5.3 .

The Software must be installed in SugarCRM through a free installation tool
("Extension Manager") provided by dispage, whose license and privacy informative
report ("Privacy Report") are available from the Documentation area of the
Website or upon request made to Email Support.


1.2 Subject of the License

Enhanced Search is a Software designed to improve SugarCRM (TM) Search
functionalities.

Enhanced Search has been designed and developed by

Dispage HK Limited 
3/F, Unit A, EIB Centre
No. 40-44 Bonham Strand
Sheung Wan
HONG KONG 

(Hereby referred to as "Dispage").

Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Dispage.

"Dispage Intellectual Property" shall mean any of Dispage's patents and
applications therefore, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names,
domain name rights, and other trade secret rights, and all other intellectual
property rights. 

The Software is identified by the following resources ("Resources"):
a) All the files that are copied into the SugarCRM directory ("SugarCRM
Directory") or its sub-directories during the process of installation
("Installation Process") of the Software.
b) All the parts of code that are added to existing SugarCRM files during the
Installation Process.

Hereby, file and directory paths are to be intended as paths relative to the
SugarCRM Directory path. 
Resources may belong to three categories:
(i) "EditArea Files": files, directories and sub-directories under the path
'custom/include/edit_area/' 
(ii) "Encrypted Files": files under the path
'custom/include/EnhancedSearchAdditional/v3o/'
(iii) "Plain Code": all Resources not belonging to the categories in points i)
and ii)

The Company Rights, Grants and Restrictions detailed in Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3
and 2.4 and the Proprietary Rights in Section 2.5 apply to the Resources of
category (i), (ii) and (iii) present in the SugarCRM Directory after the
Software installation. Additionally, they apply to all the Software files that
may be stored into paths different from the SugarCRM Directory (including, as
non-exhaustive examples, the temporary directory where the files are stored
after the download and the 'cache/upload/upgrades/temp' directory) during the
download, the Installation Process or the subsequent operation of SugarCRM
application. In the case of Software files stored in different paths, the path
locations in the points (i) and (ii) above are to be intended as paths relative
to the directory where the files are stored; in the case that Software files are
compressed in an archive file, the path locations refer to the relative path of
the files compressed in the archive file.

The Encrypted Files contain encrypted PHP code that is essential to the Software
key features. Encrypted Files are subject to the additional restrictions
indicated in Section 2.3 and need decryption keys ("Decryption Keys") to be
correctly interpreted and to activate all the Software functionalities.

Decryption Keys are automatically and silently downloaded by Extension Manager
from the Website ("Key Refresh") each time a SugarCRM User ("SugarCRM User") log
in SugarCRM. If for any reason Key Refresh process fails, Encrypted Files are
correctly decrypted still for the subsequent five (5) days since Decryption Keys
are automatically stored in dispage cache directory.

IMPORTANT: Key Refresh is one of the above-mentioned Website Services and is
subject to the limitations indicated in Section 5.3 .


2.0 License Grants, Restrictions and Ownership

2.1 Grant to Company.  
(a) A "Production Installation" means a unique SugarCRM installation that is
designated by the Company as the production environment during the Software
installation. A "Development Installation" means a SugarCRM installation that is
designated by the Company as a development, training or testing environment
during the Software installation. SOFTWARE IS FULLY FUNCTIONAL FOR UP TO THREE
SUGARCRM USERS IN A DEVELOPMENT INSTALLATION.
(b) THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION (2.1b) APPLY ONLY TO FULL VERSION LICENSEES. For
the term of Company's License Period (defined below) and subject to Company's
payment of the License Fee (defined below), Dispage grants Company: i)
non-exclusive, non-transferable, nonsublicensable right to use and modify the
Software (with the exceptions of Encrypted Files as reported in Section 2.3
below) for Company's own internal use of the Software in one (1) Production
Installation and up to three (3) Development Installations; ii) access to
Website Services with the conditions and limitations in Sections 3, 5.3 and 7.0a
. Production Installations must have a number of SugarCRM Users limited to the
number of SugarCRM Users for which Company has paid the applicable fee.
(c) THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION (2.1c) APPLY ONLY TO DEMO VERSION LICENSEES.
Dispage may, at its sole discretion, grant Company a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, nonsublicensable Demo License. For the term of Demo Period
(defined below), Dispage grants Company: i) non-exclusive, non-transferable,
nonsublicensable right to use and modify the Software (with the exceptions of
Encrypted Files as reported in Section 2.3 below) for Company's own internal use
of the Software in one (1) Production Installation and up to three (3)
Development Installations; ii) access to Website Services with the conditions
and limitations in Sections 5.3 and 7.0b . 

2.2 Restrictions.  Company shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) sublicense,
resell, rent, lease, distribute, market, commercialize or otherwise transfer
rights or usage to: (a) the Software, (b) any modified version or derivative
work of the Software created by the Company or for the Company, or (c) any
software, either modified or not for any purpose including timesharing or
service bureau purposes; (ii) remove or alter any copyright, trademark or
proprietary notice in the Software; (iii) transfer, use or export the Software
in violation of any laws or regulations of any government or governmental
agency; (iv) modify any version of the Software's source code ("Original Code")
to develop a separately maintained source code program (the "Forked Software")
so that such modifications are not automatically integrated with the Original
Code or so that the Forked Software has features not present in the Original
Code.  The Software includes modules that report the number of authorized
SugarCRM Users and permits Dispage the ability to monitor certain usage of the
Software ("Critical Control Software") which is fundamental to the business of
Dispage (Exhibit A).  Notwithstanding the terms of this Agreement, neither the
Company nor the SugarCRM Users may modify any portion of the Critical Control
Software.  The violation of this prohibition shall be deemed a material breach
of this Agreement and Dispage may immediately terminate this Agreement.

2.3 Additional Restrictions for Encrypted Files.  Encrypted Files ARE PROTECTED
BY COPYRIGHT LAW. UNAUTHORIZED COPY, REVERSE ENGINEERING, DECRYPTION OR ANY
ALTERATION OF ENCRYPTED FILES, OR ANY PORTION OF IT, MAY RESULT IN SEVERE CIVIL
PENALTIES AND WILL BE PROSECUTED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT POSSIBLE UNDER THE LAW.

2.4 Company Rights on third-party resources.  EditArea Files are released and
can be modified under the following copyright and license:

EditArea 
Copyright 2008-2010 Christophe Dolivet
Released under LGPL, Apache and BSD licenses

2.5 Proprietary Rights.  Dispage and its licensors shall own all right, title,
and interest to the Software (except for EditArea Files), Dispage Intellectual
Property and all technology, information, code or software provided to Company,
including all portions, copies or modifications thereof.  Except as expressly
provided herein, no license of any kind are granted hereunder, whether by
implication, estoppel, or otherwise.

2.6 Additional Restrictions FOR DEMO VERSION LICENSEES.  COMPANY CAN SUBSCRIBE
THIS DEMO AGREEMENT ONLY ONCE. Upon lapse of Demo Period, Key Refresh will be
disabled: if Company wish to use Software thereafter it will need to purchase a
Full License, or else it must uninstall the DEMO from all SugarCRM
Installations. Unless otherwise stated, the Demo License Terms are applicable
only if Company has not purchased or otherwise rightfully obtained a FULL
version of Software. Any subscription of a FULL Agreement immediately terminates
any DEMO Agreement previously entered into.


3.0 Fees and Payment (THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO FULL VERSION LICENSEES)

3.1 License Fee.  Company shall pay to Dispage an amount specified on Website.
Company shall pay the applicable License Fee for the initial term of the License
Period on the effective date of purchase ("Purchase Date"). Company shall make
future fee payments due under the terms of this Agreement for renewal terms at
the expiry date of the license ("Expiry Date"). The Expiry Date is calculated by
adding the period of the license purchased to the Purchase Date and is
communicated to Company at the completion of purchase process. All fees paid to
Dispage are non-refundable. Dispage reserves the right to modify its renewal
fees upon thirty (30) day prior written notice, which may be provided by e-mail.
Company agrees to provide Dispage with complete and accurate billing and contact
information. Dispage may terminate this Agreement and/or Company's access to the
Website Services if the billing or contact information is false, fraudulent or
invalid. Company will also pay all taxes, including sales, use, personal
property, value-added, excise, customs fees, import duties, stamp duties and any
other similar taxes and duties, including penalties and interest, imposed by any
Hong Kong government entity or any non-Hong Kong government entity on the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, excluding taxes based upon 
Dispage's net income.

3.2 Non-Payment.  Dispage may terminate this Agreement and Company's access to
the Website Services for Company's non-payment of fees that is delinquent by
twenty-one (21) days or more (whether under this Agreement or a separate
agreement). Company agrees that Dispage may bill Company for unpaid fees.
Dispage shall be entitled to reimbursement of all reasonable collection costs
incurred as a result of unpaid balances.


4.0 Confidentiality

Company and Dispage agree to maintain the confidentiality of any proprietary
information received by the other party during, or prior to entering into, this
Agreement that a party should know is confidential or proprietary based on the
circumstances surrounding the disclosure, including, without limitation,
non-public technical and business information ("Confidential Information") for a
period of two (2) years after the termination of this Agreement. This section
shall not apply to any publicly available or independently developed information
or the open source version of the Software licensed under the Basic License. The
receiving party of any Confidential Information of the other party agrees not to
use said Confidential Information for any purpose except as necessary to fulfill
its obligations and exercise its rights under this Agreement. The receiving
party shall protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of
the disclosing party's Confidential Information to the same degree that it takes
to protect its own confidential information and in no event less than reasonable
care.


5.0	Infringement and Disclaimer of Warranty

5.1	Infringement.  During any term of this Agreement, if any portion of the
Software (except for third party software) is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to infringe any third party intellectual property rights and
Company incurs a liability or expense as a result of such holding, then
Company's sole remedy shall be, and Dispage will, at Dispage option: (i) obtain
the right for Company to continue to use the Software consistent with this
Agreement; (ii) modify the Software so that it is non-infringing; or (iii)
replace the infringing component with a non-infringing component, or (iv) refund
all of Company's money paid under this Agreement during the prior twelve (12)
months and all of Company's rights and licenses under this Agreement shall
automatically terminate.    

5.2 No Warranty and no Additional Services implied.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE
SOFTWARE AS PROVIDED BY DISPAGE AND ITS LICENSORS IS PROVIDED AND LICENSED "AS
IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. DISPAGE DOES NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR
RESULTS THAT COMPANY MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE EXCEPT FOR ANY WARRANTY,
CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERMS TO THE EXTENT TO WHICH THE SAME CANNOT OR MAY
NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW APPLICABLE TO COMPANY IN ITS JURISDICTION.
COMPANY AGREES THAT THERE ARE TO BE NO PROGRAMMING OR ANY OTHER SERVICES TO BE
PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT BY DISPAGE IN RELATION TO THE SOFTWARE BEING
LICENSED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY SERVICES IN RELATION TO ANY ERRORS,
MALFUNCTIONS OR DEFECTS WHICH MAY ARISE DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT,
EXCEPT WHERE THESE SERVICES ARE RENDERED THROUGH ANY FURTHER AGREEMENT BETWEEN
THE PARTIES AND, IN THAT CASE, AT A PRICE TO BE AGREED UPON AT THE TIME THE
FURTHER AGREEMENT MAY BE ENTERED INTO.

5.3 No Warranty on the Website Services and Email Support.  DISPAGE DOES NOT
WARRANT ANY OF THE Website Services AND THE Email Support REFERRED TO IN THIS
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE Key Refresh. NO WARRANTY IS GIVEN, EXPRESSLY OR
IMPLIEDLY, THAT THE ABOVE-MENTIONED SERVICES WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED
OR WILL MEET ANY PARTICULAR CRITERIA OF ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF
INFORMATION, PERFORMANCE OR QUALITY. DISPAGE AND ITS LICENSORS ARE NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR TRANSMISSION ERRORS IN, CORRUPTION OF, OR THE SECURITY OF
COMPANY'S INFORMATION CARRIED OVER INTER EXCHANGE CARRIERS', LOCAL EXCHANGE
CARRIERS', OR OTHER PROVIDERS' FACILITIES. COMPANY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT IN
ANY WAY HOLD DISPAGE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SELECTION OR RETENTION OF, OR THE ACTS
OR OMISSIONS OF, THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE.


6.0	Limitation of Liability

6.1	Force Majeure.  EXCEPT FOR THE PAYMENT OF FEES, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE IN
BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT DUE TO FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE THAT ARISES OUT OF CAUSES
BEYOND ITS REASONABLE CONTROL.
6.2 Disclaimer of Consequential Damages.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL DISPAGE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR
DOCUMENTATION INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK
STOPPAGE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR ANY AND ALL OTHER
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF AND
REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED.
6.3 Limitation of All Damages.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DISPAGE'S OR ITS LICENSOR'S
LIABILITY HEREUNDER FOR CLAIMS IN THE AGGREGATE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT COMPANY
PAID TO DISPAGE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY
PRECEDING THE ACT OR OMISSION GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY.
6.4	Failure of Essential Purpose.  The limitations set forth in this Section
shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of this Agreement
or any limited remedy hereunder.


7.0	Term and Termination

(a) THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION (7.0a) APPLY ONLY TO FULL VERSION LICENSEES. The
initial license term shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and
shall continue until the Expiry Date defined above ("License Period"). Company
shall remain obligated for all fees through the date of termination. Either
party may terminate this Agreement prior to the end of a term if the other party
materially breaches its obligations  hereunder (except in case that Company
violates any term of sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.5 or 3.0) and, where such breach
is curable, such breach remains uncured for thirty days following written notice
of the breach. Dispage may terminate this agreement and/or disable Company's
access to Key Refresh and other Website Services immediately upon notice to
Company if Company's non-payment of any fees owed to Dispage (whether under this
agreement or a separate agreement) is delinquent by twenty-one (21) days or
more, or if any of the terms of sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 or 2.5 has been violated
by the Company. Company's obligation to make a payment of any outstanding,
unpaid fees and the terms of Sections 2.2, 2.3, 2.5, 3-6 and 8 shall survive
termination or expiration of this Agreement.
(b) THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION (7.0b) APPLY ONLY TO DEMO VERSION LICENSEES. The
initial license term shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and
shall continue for the subsequent thirty (30) days (the "Demo Period"). Company
may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, and without
notice to Dispage. DISPAGE MAY TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR DISABLE COMPANY'S
ACCESS TO Key Refresh AND OTHER Website Services AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT
CAUSE, AND WITHOUT NOTICE TO COMPANY. Company's obligation to the terms of
Sections 2.2, 2.3, 2.5, 4-6 and 8 shall survive termination or expiration of
this Agreement.


8.0 General

Except as expressly provided herein, Company may not assign its rights or 
delegate its obligations under this Agreement, without the prior written consent 
of Dispage. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of Hong Kong laws applicable therein, excluding its conflicts of law 
provisions, and Company and Dispage agree to submit to the personal and 
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Hong Kong. The parties agree the 
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will 
not apply to this Agreement. The failure of either party to require performance 
by the other party of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to 
require such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by either 
party of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the 
provision itself. If any provision of this Agreement is found void and 
unenforceable, it will be replaced to the extent possible with a provision that 
comes closest to the meaning of the original provision. This Agreement, and the 
documents referenced in this Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between 
Company and Dispage relating to its subject matter and all terms herein and 
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings. This 
Agreement may be modified or changed only in writing by authorized 
representatives of Company and Dispage. Notices hereunder shall be in writing 
and addressed to Company at the address provided when purchasing this License, 
or, in the case of Dispage, when addressed to "Dispage HK Limited" - 29 H, Tower 
6, Tung Chung Crescent - No. 2 Mei Tung Street - Tung Chung - HONG KONG. No 
other terms and conditions shall apply, including any terms or conditions 
contained in any purchase order, request for quote (RFQ), bid proposal, response 
hereto, or other operational form of Company or Company's agent which are in 
addition to or different than the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
contained herein. Any of Company's terms and conditions which are different from 
or in addition to those contained herein are hereby objected to and shall be of 
no effect unless specifically agreed to in writing by an authorized 
representative of Dispage. Delivery of the Software or other performance by 
Dispage with respect to the Software shall not constitute Dispage's acceptance 
of any additional or different terms and conditions. 


Exhibit A

Integration to Privacy Report.  

Critical Control Software may transmit any of the following data to Dispage when
a SugarCRM User connects to the Dispage Resource Center ("DRC") at the SugarCRM
login, in addition to what detailed in the Privacy Report:
(i) Total number of SugarCRM Users.
(ii) A list of Database IDs ("Database IDs") of the SugarCRM Users. A Database
ID is an anonymous ID String with the format
'xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx' (i.e.
"d0b9e610-8e5f-e9b1-191d-4aab6533b225").
(iii) A list of md5-encrypted usernames of the SugarCRM Users.
(iv) Md5-encrypted username of the User logging in SugarCRM if the SugarCRM
installation is a Production Installation; non-encrypted username of the User
logging in case of Development Installations.

THE SOFTWARE MUST NOT BE INSTALLED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS CONSENT TO THE
TRANSMISSION OF THE DATA DETAILED IN THIS SECTION.
